adding web console blurbs (#41161)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-networkpolicy-delete.adoc

endif::multi[]
:!name:
:!role:

[NOTE]
====

> If you log in with a user with the `cluster-admin` role in the console, then you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you log in with `cluster-admin` permissions in the web console, then you
```

Just a suggestion for easier reading. I would apply this change to the other NOTE below.

have a choice of deleting a network policy in any namespace in the cluster

> directly from the YAML view or from the policy in the web console through the *Actions* menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directly from the YAML file or from the policy in the web console through the *Actions* menu.
```

YAML file? If you make this change, make the same to the other NOTES below.
